Kiril
Kirilov
	Experience


2021.06 – 2025.11
Application Specialist *( Installation & Delivery )*Codix Bulgaria
  Application support tools (e.g., ServiceNow, Jira, Zendesk)
  OS knowledge (Windows, Linux)
  Databases (e.g., SQL, Oracle)
  ITIL or service management frameworks
  Monitoring tools 
  Problem-solving, communication
 Ansible , Docker , Kubernetes


Application Support Specialist with over 4 years of experience supporting enterprise software applications across finance and healthcare sectors. Skilled in issue diagnosis and process automation. Adept at cross-functional communication, improving incident resolution times, and ensuring high availability of critical systems.









2020 - 2021
IT• Netwok/System Administrator • Netsurf
Managed network connectivity and ensured its LAN/WAN infrastructure was operating according to prescribed best practices and technical standards.
Ensured stability and security of network by regularly monitoring systems, trouble-shooting potential problems and cascading software issues to vendors for immediate resolution.
Installed, maintained, supported and updated all operating systems for all workstations and servers within a specific network.
Installed and configured all VPN solutions for wireless devices,   
laptops, desktops and networked printers.


Tech stack  : Linux /  Mint , Slackware , Ubuntu , Centos / ,
Monitoring system : Grafana , Zabbix , Cacti ,
Networking : Juniper, Cisco , Extreme Networks ,Miktorik 
TCP/IP OSI 
Apache / Ngnix , Mysql , VPN / OPENVPN /
Ansible , Docker , Kubernetes.


Have little experience with continuous integration CI/CD with Jenkins set up with Ubuntu server .


2018–2020
Wordpress Freelance• developer • international clients
Contract or part – time jobs .
Full stack development from hosting to completed product.  
Tech stack :  Cpanel , WordPress ,Woocommerce, PHP , MYSQL.
Front end and Back end with different plugins,builders and themes.


2015–2019
Telecomunication• Sales Expert • VIVACOM
Administrative and operational duties Set up and maintain the store according to a strict planogram Provide  customer  service  Sale phones and accessories Team selling Hold and lead team meetings Actively track stores sales for employee and store goals Train new hires in account and bill analysis and best practices Telemarking calls and ﬂyering Know all current promotions and have a working knowledge of expired ones including their restrictions and requirements and how to execute them at point of  sale.  
















Education
Aplied Physics, Sofia,Bulgaria


Software Academy / Softuni / Sofia ,Bulgaria 

Udemy different courses 
Communication
Strong communication skills in Bulgarian / native language /


English written and spoken / is average , not fluent /
	

	

	

	 gps icon 

	Montana,Bulgaria
	

	

	

	 phone icon 

	+359876663308
	

	

	

	 email icon 

	Jamella8272@gmail.com